well howdy there internet people it's a
bubble gun so today we're gonna talk
about that stimulus check twelve hundred
bucks
see I think I know where they came up
with that number they were worried about
giving out too much money don't want to
make the commoners lazy at all so they
were worried about that so twelve
hundred dollars and when you talk to
people about that twelve hundred dollars
you mainly get two reactions you get one
that is $1200 all right and you get one
that's $1,200 you can't survive on that
you can't feed your family on that I
feel you fit wheel minimum wage in the
United States is $7.25 hour that's the
federal minimum wage at that level
working 40 hours a week what do you make
a month one thousand one hundred sixty
bucks before taxes
can't survive on that can't feed your
family on that philia it is hard to get
people to care about minimum-wage
workers for two reasons
three really the first is that it's it's
a small percentage of people who make
exactly minimum wage that's a small
number of people however if you were to
say bump it up to 750 or 775 well that
number grows whole lot another reason is
that there's a whole lot of propaganda
about minimum wage workers I don't know
why you would need to produce propaganda
against people that have no power it
doesn't make a whole lot of sense
unless of course what you're doing is so
immoral and so against the character and
tradition of this country that normal
people would speak out against it if
they really got what was going on that
could be a reason and then the other
thing is the the standard thing it's
hard to get people to care about
something if they don't have any
self-interest in it so let's just go
ahead and give everybody that
self-interest if you're one of those
people who looks at a $1,200 check and
it's like man that's not gonna help much
that's not gonna put a dent in it if
you're one of those people you're
definitely the person I'm talking to you
right now because you're paying for a
whole lot of minimum-wage workers
see at that level somebody working 40
hours a week and understand this is even
higher than 725 if you go up you this
still applies because our wages are that
low in this country somebody who's
working 40 hours a week at that level
they still qualify for government
assistance you're paying for that
through your tax dollars you're paying
for it so basically what's happening is
you cover part of their housing you
cover part of their food bill so the
company who is exploiting their labor
well they don't have to they can pay
them so little that they qualify for
government assistance even if they're
working full-time don't worry you'll
pick up the tab
there's your self-interest if the moral
reasons don't do it for you
there's your self-interest you are
paying for you are providing a subsidy
to big business out of your pocket now
anytime the subject of minimum wage
comes up there's always an argument
that's thrown out and I'm gonna go ahead
and just get rid of that now minimum
wage came around in 1938 under Franklin
Roosevelt what did he have to say about
wages no business which depends for
existence on paying less than living
wages to its workers has any right to
continue in this country he goes on by
workers I mean all workers the white
collar class as well as the men in
overalls so it wasn't just for you know
the upper-middle class it was for
everybody he goes on and by living wage
I mean more than a bare subsistence
level I mean the wages of a decent
living the idea was to make sure that
everybody who was working had a decent
life I am 100% certain that the
intention was not to have somebody
working 40 hours a week and then have to
go apply for government assistance with
the stigma that that carries today when
they're not doing anything wrong they're
putting in labor that has to be done we
have all learned that many things that
are essential are pretty low-paying jobs
so the idea that minimum wage is just
for teenagers or you know whatever it's
not true it's not grounded in fact it's
not grounded in reality that is not what
it was for it was to provide a living
wage for all Americans everybody who's
working should have a decent wage I
think I made an error because what's
happened is it became very very easy to
illustrate what minimum wage workers
make because they kind of chose a
minimum wage number using $1,200 made it
very easy to highlight how much the
minimum wage workers in this country are
being exploited and the fact that those
who look at a $1,200 check and are kind
of like man that's not gonna help you're
subsidizing it when we come out of this
we're gonna have the opportunity to
change a lot of infrastructure this is
something we might want to look at these
essential employees these essential
workers who are out there literally
risking their lives right now I mean I
think they deserve these in wages anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night